This program is based on the following reddit post from u/whitestripes1372

https://www.reddit.com/r/askmath/comments/dwyttm/i_was_hoping_to_calculate_the_expected_value_of/

	I was hoping to calculate the expected value of cards remaining and the probability 
	of winning a certain solitaire game my grandpa taught me.

	Here are the rules to this game: Put a shuffled deck of cards face down in your hand.
	Take the card on the bottom and put it on top of the deck face up. Do this three more times. 
	If the top card (the one most recently flipped up) and the fourth card (the first one flipped up) 
	are the same suit or the same value, then discard the two cards in the middle. If all four cards 
	are the same suit or the same value, then discard all four cards. This can then cascade; if the 
	top card and the new fourth card down--or the new top four cards--are related in suit or value, 
	then discard accordingly. Repeat this process until all cards have been turned face up. 
	The number of cards remaining is your score. Winning is being left with zero cards.

	As the post suggests, I'd like to know the expected value of cards remaining, 
	as well the probability of being left with zero cards. I've started a brute force approach: 
	I've recorded my scores for hundreds of games played to try to zero-in on an expected value, 
	but I'd love to get an exact, non-experimental solution. Thanks in advance for the help!

I got rules clarifications from Wikipedia:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/One-handed_solitaire

	One-handed solitaire (or bathroom solitaire) is a solitaire card game played with a traditional 
	52 card deck. It can be played in one hand and does not require a table, hence its name.

	Rules
	Taking a standard, shuffled 52-card deck of playing cards (without Jokers), hold the deck face 
	down in your hand. Draw from the back of the deck four cards and place them on top fanned out so 
	that the suit and number can be seen.

	If the first and fourth card are the same suit, discard the two middle cards, placing them on your 
	lap if seated or in a pocket or elsewhere if standing. If there are previously drawn cards in your 
	hand, rearrange the hand so that four cards are visible. If there are not enough cards to do this, 
	draw from the back so that four cards are visible.

	If the first and fourth card are the same number (or face card) discard all four cards. Again, 
	if there are previously drawn cards in your hand, rearrange the hand so that four cards are visible. 
	If there are not enough cards to do this, draw from the back so that four cards are visible.

	Repeat the above process of discarding until the first and fourth card are neither the same suit nor 
	number, upon which you draw one card from the back of the deck and place it after the fourth card, 
	rearranging the drawn cards so that only four are visible.

	Continue in this fashion until the end of the deck is reached. If all cards are discarded, you win the game.

	The odds of winning are very low, approximately one in 140. An optional rule to increase the odds 
	slightly allows cards that have previously been drawn to be redrawn after the deck has already been cycled 
	through, but preserving their original sequence.

An article referenced in the Wikipedia article lead to this page

https://milesott.com/2014/08/19/i-stand-corrected-or-do-i/



Ranks are assigned values of 1-13, with the implication that 11 = Jack, 12 = Queen, and 13 = King
Suits are assigned values from 0-3, with no particular suit attached to any particular number.

I ran this through 100,000,000 iterations (10,000 * 10,000).  I got results that were similar to and approximately centered
between the two different results generated by Miles Ott in the page cited by Wikipedia of 0.71% and 0.206%

